https://medium.com/@epratik/your-first-project-on-aws-the-basics-bfb9303664dd

This document includes.
    what is cloud computing?


1) What is clod computing ?

    It is om-demand availability of computer system resources espicially
    - data storage
    - computing power without direct active management by user
    i.e, you can have software hardware at click of a button and instantly start using it 

2) VPC ?

    Virtual Private Cloud is a virtual network inside AWS account.
    This is nothing but range of IP addersses that are allocated to 
    your CIDR (Classless inter-domain routing)

    Ip address is represented as a 32-bit number divided into 
    4 blocks of 8 bit each, for example, 10.0.0.0, each block
    here can have a value from 0 to 255 i.e. 2⁸. 

    total no of ip addersses = 4096 

3) SUBNET ?

    The 4096 addresses can be further divided into more 
    groups called subnets which are also represented by 
    CIDR blocks.

    // https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqsXzkXfwRw
    (SUBNET)

    A subnet can be public or private, a public subnet is 
    the one which is connected to AWS internet gateway 
    ( resources in your VPC can connect to the internet through 
    the internet gateway ) and a private subnet is the one that 
    is not, there are however instances when you would want your
    private resources to connect to the internet, for example 
    in case of software updates. So, how do we do it? This is
    achieved by connecting the private subnet to a NAT gateway 
    which then connects to the internet gateway.

4) NAT Gateway ?

    The NAT gateway replaces the private IP with its public 
    IP(185.221.69.47) and a newly available source port and 
    calls the target IP on the specified port. Response 
    from the target is also translated back to the actual 
    source tuple which makes it back to the initiator virtual 
    machine inside the private subnet.

5) Internet Gateway ?
   
    The internet gateway allows internet traffic to enter or 
    leave the VPC. Only 1 internet gateway is allowed per VPC.

6) secuirity Group ?
   
    A security group acts as a virtual firewall for your 
    instance to control inbound and outbound traffic. When you 
    launch an instance in a VPC, you can assign the instance to 
    up to five security groups.

    * it ensure that unwanted or unauthorized traffic does not get 
      in 

    * it is an aws fire wall solution,
      which filters the incomming and outgoing traffic from an instance
      this filtering done based upon the IP protocols, ports and 
      source/destination IP addresses

      - at backend it requires x.509 certificate and key to authorize
        changes

      - 